Fix critical typo (#5311)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: README.rst

Concurrency
~~~~~~~~~~~

Since v20.0, ``python-telegram-bot`` is built on top of Python's ``asyncio`` module.
Because ``asyncio`` is in general single-threaded, ``python-telegram-bot`` currently does not aim to be thread-safe.

> Noteworthy parts of ``python-telegram-bots`` API that are likely to cause issues (e.g. race conditions) when used in a multi-threaded setting include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Noteworthy parts of ``python-telegram-bot``'s API that are likely to cause issues (e.g. race conditions) when used in a multi-threaded setting include:
```
